Invasion: Trivia
A game by Frank W. Zammetti
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The story so far:
Well, most of us figured we weren't alone in the universe, and now we know for
sure.  Man, ignorance truly WAS bliss...

The aliens have landed, and they're not E.T.  Actually, they're more like
Rodney Dangerfield: regular little wise-asses.  They have a sense of humor,
it's just that they're punchlines usually ends in the destruction of a planet.

This is the deal:

These aliens called Ramalans go around the universe meeting other races and
challenge them to a little game: a game of trivia.  Don't worry, they take a
look at the target race and create the questions from that, so you won't have
to answer questions on the mating habits of the Altarian Bolga Beetle at least!

Sounds like fun, right?  Here's the catch: they pick one person to play the
game, and for each question they get wrong, they blow up a city on the home
planet!  If you get too many wrong, they just blow away the whole planet.
Certainly ruins an other wise good day, wouldn't you say??

Here we are dealing with two aliens in particular: Krelmac and Gentoo.  Krelmac
is the "straight-man" and Gentoo is the "Beavis-like" character.

Now, if you get to a certain point (a million Ramalan points), you save your
planet.  The Ramalans are nice enough to give you four "Zumbugwas".  A
Zumbugwas on the Ramalan home planet is a small creature that somehow
always manages to live through anything.  Drop an anvil on it, it somehow
manages to survive.  Pure luck, but it works for the Zumbugwas!  Zumbugwas
help you answer those especially difficult questions.  Probably.  Maybe.

Your four Zumbugwus are "Beam a Brelnar", "Ask the Andromedans",
"Matter-Antimatter" and "Book of Knowledge"...

Beam a Brelnar allows you to use the Ramalans transporter technology to beam
a member of the Brelnar species in to help you.  The Brelnars are a strange
people: some of them are smarter than any human could ever be, some are as
stupid as a Kentuckian in love with their cousin.  You will be given a choice
of three of them, you pick one, and hope you get the Einstein and not the
Cletus!

Ask the Andromedans allows you to poll the entire Andromedan race for the 
answer to any one question.  Hopefully they get it right, but who knows...

Matter-Antimatter... You know what happens when you have a certain amount of
matter and 50% of it is regular matter and 50% is antimatter and they come
together?  They annihilate each other.  So, out of four possible answers to
each question, this will destroy two of them.  Somehow, it always manages to
leave one wrong and one right answer.  Go figure...

Book of Knowledge is the ultimate cheat: using it will skip the current
question completely (in your favor of course).  You will NOT be allowed to
use this Zumbugwa on the final question of the game though (you didn't think
it's be THAT easy, did you?!?)

So, that's the basic idea.  Here's how to play:

YOu answer questions and each question represents a point level.  The point
levels depend on the difficulty setting.  Easy is 15 questions, normal is 20,
hard is 25.  Here are the point levels and what difficulty levels have which:

 NH 1/2
ENH 1
 NH 3.14159
ENH 50
E H 75
ENH 100
 NH 250
ENH 500
 NH 750
ENH 1000
  H 1001
 NH 2500
ENH 5000
ENH 10000
 NH 16384
E H 32000
 NH 65535
ENH 83456.12
ENH 100000
E H 184174
 NH 250000
ENH 500666
 NH 750000
E H 888888
ENH 1000000

So, it's like climbing a mountain: each question you get right gets you to
that level.

For each question, you get four answers, one is right.  You can use your
Zumbugwas any time.  For each one you get wrong, a city is blown up.  If you
get two wrong (on normal difficulty), they whole planet buys it.  The planet
buys it if you get one wrong on hard difficulty and also if you get three
wrong on easy difficulty.  Questions are choosen at random, some are hard some 
are easy and they can come at any time.

Ok, that's the game.

Here's a description of the lifeline screens:

A screen where you can select from three Brelnars (kind of a police lineup
kind of thing, they just stand there making faces and stuff).  In addition,
if the Brelnar gets the answer wrong and it was a smart when, they get
zapped into a black hole.  If it was a stupid one, whether they got it
right or wrong, they start chasing a butterfly, laughing and giggling, the
co-hosts make a rude comment about the gene pool of the human race being
IMPROVED in a few days!

A screen showing the Andromedan audience (by the way, if they get the answer
wrong, they get blown up, so we show that).

A screen showing two of the answers blowing up when a Matter-Antimatter
Zumbugwa is used.