The Story So Far
----------------

Krelmac: Greetings, puny earthling!  I am Krelmac... 
Gentoo:  Yeah, and I'm Gentoo!  Yeah, yeah! 
Krelmac: That's enough Gentoo.  Anyway, We are approaching your planet Earth, and we come for one purpose... 
Gentoo:  To party with chicks, and beer, and... 
Krelmac: GENTOO! 
Gentoo:  Sorry. 
Krelmac: As I was saying, we come to challenge your species to defend itself in... 
Gentoo:  IN MORTAL KOMBAT! 
Krelmac: No Gentoo, remember the cease-and-desist letter?  We can't use that name. 
Gentoo:  Oh yeah. 
Krelmac: Anyway, We come to challenge your species to defend themselves by proving their knowledge of themselves. 
Gentoo:  And you'd better do good 'cause there's consequences! 
Krelmac: Don't get ahead of things, Gentoo.  Puny humans, if you don't do good, there will be CONSEQUENCES! 
Gentoo:  That's what I just said! 
Krelmac: Yes, but it sounds much more menacing when I say it! 
Gentoo:  *mumbling* But it sounds much more menacing when I say it 
Krelmac: What was that? 
Gentoo:  Nothing. 
Krelmac. Very well.  Anyway, you will be given a fair chance to defend yourselves in a fair contest.  Who among you will defend your world? 
Gentoo:  Maybe this one... 
Krelmac: I said they'd get a FAIR chance! 
Gentoo:  Yeah, good point.  Well, maybe this girl: 
Krelmac: Gentoo, cut that out!  Remember how long it took to get the deck plating clean last time? 
Gentoo:  Ahem.  Sorry. 
Krelmac: Very well.  There must be SOMEONE among this species capable and worthy of the challenge before them! 
Gentoo:  Maybe YOU!


World Destruction Scenes
------------------------

1- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Did they really think they'd win, Krelmac?
Krelmac: Well Gentoo, I guess they did.  Kind of a shame actually.
Gentoo:  Why's that, Krelmac?
Krelmac: I actually liked their banana daquiries!
Gentoo:  (mumbling)Yeah, but you were such a wuss you always wanted them virgin!
Krelmac: What was that?
Gentoo:  Nothing.
Krelmac: Very well.  Fire the plasma pulse and let's get outta here.

2- (DONE)
Gentoo:  I feel a great disturbance in the force, as if millions of voices
         cried out in terror and then were suddenly silences!
Krelmac: How many times have I told you Gentoo, don't mess with Lucas!
Gentoo:  But we're about to BLOW LUCAS UP, Krelmac!
Krelmac: Good point Gentoo!  In that case, they have no idea of the power of the
         dark side!
(world destruction)

3- (DONE)
Gentoo:  I'm warming up the energy cannons, Krelmac!  This is gonna be fun!
Krelmac: Yes, I love the smell of burning human flesh in the morning!
Gentoo:  Well, get ready for a whol'lota stink, Krelmac!
Krelmac: Gentoo, sometimes I think you enjoy destroying planets a bit too much.
Gentoo:  Well, I do take pride in my work, Krelmac.
Krelmac: Oh, and it shows, Gentoo!
Gentoo:  Well, thank you very much Krelmac!
Krelmac: Your quite welcome Gentoo!  NOW FIRE!

4- (DONE)
Krelmac: Gentoo, I hear the Earth was created on April second.
Gentoo:  So what Krelmac?
Krelmac: That's a day too late!
Gentoo:  I don't get it.
Krelmac: April fools?
Gentoo:  Ummm....
Krelmac: Geez, your as stupid as them!
Gentoo:  Yeah, but I have the deuterium bombs!

5- (DONE)
Krelmac: I'm gonna miss that pretty blue marble Gentoo.
Gentoo:  Yeah, me too Krelmac.
Krelmac: Are you crying Gentoo?
Gentoo:  So what if I am, man?  An alien's not allowed to feel emotion? What am I, a Vulcan?!?
Krelmac: Relax buddy, I was just asking.
Gentoo:  You never show any compassion for anything Krelmac!
(world destruction)
Krelmac: Yeah... compassion... right...


City Destruction Scenes
-----------------------

Paris- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Just out of curiosity, are your parents siblings?
Krelmac: Didn't quite nail that one, did'ya human?
Krelmac: Well, I guess it's time for another city to bite the dust.
Gentoo:  Bye-bye, gaye Paree!

Tokyo- (DONE)
Krelmac: Geez human, there are strains of bacteria that would have got that!
Gentoo:  Yeah, what a waste of protoplasm!
Krelmac: Dumber than a doorknob, and we can't even shine you up nicely!
Gentoo:  Ah well, here comes Godzilla, see ya later Tokyo!

Moscow- (DONE)
Krelmac: This human's head is more vacumn than space, huh Gentoo?
Gentoo:  Yeah!  You're the kind of human that's a blueprint for building an idiot.
Krelmac: Well, I guess it's time for communism to fall once more Gentoo!
Gentoo:  Yeah, yeah, time for Moscow to see RED again!

St. Louis- (DONE)
Gentoo:  That question was sssssooooooo easy!  How could you miss it?
Krelmac: Yes, Gentoo is right!  Time to lose another city, human!
Gentoo:  St. Louis hasn't been cool since Mark McGwire left!
Krelmac: Well, let's make sure his retirement is permanent, shall we?!?

Rome- (DONE)
Krelmac: Idiot.
Gentoo:  Moron.
Krelmac: Fool.
Gentoo:  Retard.
Krelmac: Rome.
Gentoo:  Gladiators.
Krelmac: Historic.
Gentoo:  TOAST!
(both):  Hahahaha!

London- (DONE)
Krelmac: Oh, come on!  That answer HAD to be a joke, right?
Gentoo:  I've met more intelligent roting corpses than you!
Krelmac: Well Gentoo, I guess it's time for London to sleep with the fishes.
Gentoo:  Yeah!  London bridge is falling down, falling down, faling down...

Giza- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Well, now we know why some mammals eat their children, Krelmac.
Krelmac: Yes, and somewhere there is a village with their idiot missing!
(both):  Hhuhuhuhuhuuhuhuhu.
Krelmac: Hey Gentoo, remember when uncle Bill built those pyramids?
Gentoo:  Yeah, I hope he's not too mad we turned them back into SAND!

Pisa- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Got that one wrong, huh?  It's gonna cost 'ya!
Krelmac: Here's Piza, a city famous for nothing but terrible construction!
Gentoo:  Yeah, even humans should have been smart enough to fix that!
Krelmac: They must be stupider than this human!

  Camden-
  Krelmac: Think anyone would miss this place?
  Gentoo:  Huhuh, not a chance dude!
  (After they blow up Camden and it looks exactly the same)
  Krelmac: Gentoo, did you fire the energy cannons?
  Gentoo:  Yeah, Krelmac, Camden's been destroyed.
  Krelmac: But it doesn't look any different!
  Gentoo:  It was such a load of crap before, it's hard to tell the difference!
  Krelmac: Well, as long as the people are dead, I guess it's fine.
  Gentoo:  Yeah, good point Krelmac.


Player Wins Scenes
------------------

1- (DONE)
Krelmac: No, it's impossible!
Gentoo:  If luck had a name, it'd be whatever yours is!
Krelmac: There's no way you could do that again though!
Gentoo:  Yeah, no way.  No way, no way, no way, no way, now way no...
Krelmac: Gentoo, they get the point.
Gentoo:  Sorry.
Krelmac: Fine, we'll be on our way now.
Gentoo:  Until next time anyway...

2- (DONE)
Gentoo:  What?  No, they couldn't have won!  No way, Krelmac!
Krelmac: I sit here in stuned silence.
(They do nothing for a moment, Gentoo's eyes dart back and forth)
Gentoo:  Say something, Krelmac!
Krelmac: I guess it's time for us to leave, Gentoo.
Gentoo:  I don't wanna go!  I wanna blow stuff up, Krelmac!
Krelmac: I know Gentoo, I know.  It's a sad day for us hyper-intelligent beings.
Gentoo:  Fine, let's blow this taco stand.

3- (DONE)
Krelmac: You won!  You won!  I don't know how, but you won!
Gentoo:  This sucks!  Sucks I tell you, sucks, sucks, sucks...
Krelmac: GENTOO!
Gentoo:  Sorry.
Krelmac: I guess it's time for us to leave, Gentoo.
Gentoo:  No Krelmac, I kinda like this place.
Krelmac: I know Gentoo, I know.  It's a sad day for us hyper-intelligent beings.

4- (DONE)
Gentoo:  They cheated!  They must have!  No human could have won!
Krelmac: We said they'd get a fair chance, and they got one, fair and square.
Gentoo:  This sucks Krelmac, sucks worse than I can say without telepathy.
Krelmac: Indeed it does, Gentoo.  Rest assured though, they won't win NEXT TIME!

5- (DONE)
Krelmac: You have defeated us...
Gentoo:  IN MORTAL KOMBAT!
Krelmac: GENTOO!
Gentoo:  Sorry.
Krelmac: Fine, we'll leave, but we'll be back some day!
Gentoo:  To party with chicks, and beer, and... 
Krelmac: GENTOO!
Gentoo:  Sorry.
Krelmac: Until then, human, enjoy your existance.  It won't last forever! 


Start Game Scenes
-----------------

1- (DONE)
Krelmac: Allright, time to get this show on the road.
Gentoo:  I'm warming up the energy cannons, Krelmac!  This is gonna be fun!
Krelmac: Yes, I love the smell of burning human flesh in the morning!

2- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Welcome to another edition of "save your world, puny human!"
Krelmac: Gentoo, that was my line!
Gentoo:  But I wanted to say it!
Krelmac: GENTOO!
Gentoo:  Sorry.

3- (DONE)
Krelmac: Well, now's your chance, human!  Repay your parents by saving them!
Gentoo:  Yeah!  You live in their house 'til you were 37 and mooched off them and..
Krelmac: Gentoo, they get the point.
Gentoo:  Let's get to it Krelmac!

4- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Krelmac, can I fire the energy cannons yet?  Huh?  Huh?  Can I?!?
Krelmac: You know the rules Gentoo, they have to get a question wrong first!
Gentoo:  Well, what are we waiting for?  I wanna blast something!
Krelmac: Don't worry Gentoo, this one doesn't look too bright, it won't be long.

5- (DONE)
Krelmac: Puny human, your destiny is in my tentacle!
Gentoo:  No way Krelmac, their destiny is in my butt!
Krelmac: You don't have a butt, Gentoo!
Gentoo:  Then what's that awful smell coming from?
Krelmac: It must be the human!
Gentoo:  Eeeeewwwwwww!


Correct Answer Scenes
---------------------

1- (DONE)
Krelmac: Well, well... You actually got one right!
Gentoo:  If luck had a name, it'd be whatever yours is!

2- (DONE)
Gentoo:  I don't believe it, Krelmac!  They nailed one!
Krelmac: Don't worry, much like their species, it won't last.

3- (DONE)
Krelmac: I thought for sure they'd miss that one, Gentoo!
Gentoo:  You should have let me put in the questions about quantum theory!
Krelmac: Never mind that.  They'll miss the next one for sure.

4- (DONE)
Krelmac: How could you possibly know that?  You must have guessed, human!
Gentoo:  Yeah, yeah, guessed!  Guessed right... but guessed.
Krelmac:  Let's see you do that again...

5- (DONE)
Gentoo:  Krelmac, the human got it right!  They got it RIGHT, Krelmac!
Krelmac: I know Gentoo, I know.  It's a sad day for us hyper-intelligent beings.
Gentoo:  Yeah, yeah, sad day, hyper-intelligent beings, yeah, yeah.
 